I'm glad you're here so
we can talk face-to-face.
That's really nice.
We can have a real conversation, because
people don't do that enough anymore.
Everybody walks around with their nose
in their phone and they don't use words,
they just use smiley faces,
and thumbs up, and eggplants.
>> [LAUGH]
>> But I say, if you can't beat them,
join them, so I came out with my own
emoji app and you can download them.
It has 150 emojis, over 150 actually.
And unlike Pokemon, you get them all
at once, you don't have to catch them.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Uh-huh, you're welcome.
>> It's not dangerous to have my emojis,
plus we're adding new ones all the time.
The app is called Ellen's Emoji Exploji.
And some of them are my own
versions of classic emojis.
Here I am with hearts
on my eyes right there.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Probably, I saw a baby goat and
I'm just happy.
I don't know.
>> [LAUGH]
>> You can use that for different things.
Some of them are puns and
pictograms like this one right here.
Which is, do you know what that means?
Can you figure that out?
Cool cucumber, that's right.
It could be, cool as a cucumber,
it could also be, bad ass pickle.
>> [LAUGH]
>> I wanna show you some others and help
you learn what they mean, so we're gonna
play a game where you have to figure out
text messages using my emojis, and it's
time to play Explainy the Emoji Exploji.
Okay, who's who?
Which one are you?
>> I'm Chrissy Valesario.
>> Hi, Chrissy, where do you live,
what do you do?
>> I live in San Luis Obispo,
and I'm a cosmetologist and mom.
>> Wonderful, and, a mom to how many kids?
>> I have two kids,
a six-year-old and a four-year-old.
[LAUGH] I know, I'm still not sure.
>> Well, you don't miss them, do you?
Because-
>> [LAUGH]
>> You don't even know how old they are.
All right, and you are?
>> I'm Sarah, I live far away.
I came from Austin, Texas.
I live there, I just moved there.
I'm finishing school so
I can graduate from A&M.
And I'm finishing online but currently, I
work at a software company called, Yardi.
>> Wonderful, all right, and you are?
>> Lindsay Steven.
>> Lindsay, where do you live,
what do you do?
>> I live in Utah and I'm a stay at home
mom to three little boys that are crazy.
>> [LAUGH]
>> So I'm glad to be here.
>> Well, yeah.
>> [LAUGH]
>> You're glad to be anywhere, I think.
>> All right, wonderful.
Let's start the game, it's really easy.
All you're gonna do is you're gonna look
at a sentence, and you have buzzers there,
and the first one to buzz in to know what
that sentence means using the emojis.
You're gonna let me know and then
you'll win points that I just make up.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Okay, here's your first sentence.
[SOUND] You're Chrissy, right?
>> Yes, yeah.
>> Yes.
>> Okay, you are on fire,
like a board [LAUGH] because you
like to dance and French kiss and
watch Netflix on ice.
Yes.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> My God,
I was so worried this game
was gonna be too easy and I-
>> [LAUGH]
>> You are on fire like a board?
Is that what you're-
>> [LAUGH]
>> Wow, that's not how youse compliment
somebody.
Yes, Sarah?
>> You're hot, would you like to dance,
French kiss, and Netflix and chill?
>> That's right.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Yes.
>> Unbelievable.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Boy, you're on fire like a board.
>> [LAUGH]
>> [LAUGH] I'll do better next time, yeah,
I will.
>> All right.
>> You got it.
>> That's a new way to say it.
Next time, somebody sends you that,
they mean you're on fire like a board.
>> [LAUGH]
>> All right, let's see the next one.
Sarah, yeah.
>> I hear through the grapevine that
watching cute videos on TV is the what?
>> Nope, nope.
[SOUND] Yes, Lindsay?
>> I heard through the grapevine that
watching cute videos on Ellentube
is the key.
>> Dang it.
>> Period.
>> [LAUGH]
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> I got this.
>> All right, do you?
Let's go.
>> I heard through the grapevine that
watching cute videos on Ellen YouTube
is the key to happiness.
No, on Ellen-
>> EllenTube.
>> Yeah,
ellentube is the key to happiness, yes.
>> Ellentube, yes, key to happiness, yes.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> See you got it.
>> Happiness.
>> I should have known ellentube.
>> All right, so
between all of you, you got it.
>> [LAUGH]
>> All right, let's see the last one.
[SOUND] Lindsay, yes.
>> Wine and tequila get Ellen and
Portia's seal the deal.
>> [SOUND]
[LAUGH]
>> Yes, Chrissy?
>> Seal of approval.
Do I have to say it all together?
>> Yes, say the whole thing.
>> Okay, wine and tequila get Ellen and
Portia's seal of approval.
>> That's right.
Seal of approval.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> All right.
It's kind of a tie, but Chrissy, you're
gonna get some wine and tequila right now.
That is-
>> Yes.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Okay,
so for playing, you all are getting
55 inch 4K TCL Roku TVs.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> All right.
>> Now
since this is the third year in a row
that we're partnering with TCL,
America's fastest growing TV brand,
I am gonna tell you what I'm gonna do.
I am gonna put one more
sentence on the screen.
If anyone in the audience
can figure it out,
you're gonna all go home with a prize.
But don't yell it out, you'll have
to stand up and I'll call on you.
So if you think you know what it is,
stand up.
All right, here it is.
[MUSIC]
Yes?
>> Holy horses,
is that an avocado wearing a hat?
>> [LAUGH]
>> Did you say-
>> Holy horses?
>> [LAUGH]
>> Hold your horses?
>> There's no holes in those horses.
Yes, you'll try?
>> Hold your horses!
Is that an avocado wearing a top hat?
>> That's right.
>> [APPLAUSE]